I am Ye Xin's wife
You have no right to take this house back to your wife.
Hahaha
Hey
You and Ye Xin
Haven't you been through the door yet?
Still a virgin
Or today?
You accompany me for one night
Comfortable
I'll reward you with this house.
Get out of here
Who the hell are you?
I am Ye Xin's younger brother
Ye Xin's younger brother
Hahahaha
Where did you come from with a little brother like you?
No matter who you are
Even if you are Ye Ting's younger brother?
Take this house as I say
If you dare to come
I'll break your leg
stupid
Here we go. These are two beautiful women
How about this?
The three of you together
Who is comfortable?
This house belongs to me